Create example on how to use protected cache. (#562)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: docs/dataservice-write-example.md

1. On the [Apps & keys](https://platform.here.com/admin/apps) page, copy your application access key ID and access key secret.
   For instructions on how to get the access key ID and access key secret, see the [Get Credentials](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/access-control/user-guide/topics/get-credentials.html) section in the Terms and Permissions User Guide.

> 2. In `examples/dataservice-example/main.cpp`, replace the placeholders with your access key ID, access key secret, Here Resource Name (HRN) of the catalog, and name of the layer to which you want to publish data, or you can specify values using command line options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `examples/dataservice-example/main.cpp`, replace the placeholders with your access key ID, access key secret, Here Resource Name (HRN) of the catalog, and name of the layer to which you want to publish data.
  > **Note:**  You can also specify these values using the command line options.
```

   ```cpp

>    AccessKey access_key{};  // You can put your here.access.key.id and here.access.key.secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   AccessKey access_key{};  // Your access key ID and access key secret.
```

>    std::string catalog;   // the HRN of the catalog to which you to publish data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   std::string catalog;   // The HRN of the catalog to which you want to publish data.
```

>    std::string layer_id;  // the of the layer inside the catalog to which you want to publish data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   std::string layer_id;  // The ID of the layer inside the catalog to which you want to publish data.
```

2. In the **build** folder, build the example project.

   ```bash
   cmake --build . --target dataservice-example
   ```

3. Execute the example project.

   ```bash
   ./examples/dataservice-write/dataservice-example --example write --key_id "here.access.key.id" --key_secret "here.access.key.secret" --catalog "catalog" --layer_id "layer_id" 
   ```

> 4. To show help. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) To run the example with other parameters, run the help command, and then select the needed parameter.
```

Before you integrate the HERE OLP SDK for C++ libraries in the Android example project:

1. Set up the Android environment.

> 2. Replace the placeholders in `examples/helpers/android/app/src/main/cpp/MainActivityNative.cpp.in` with your application access key ID, access key secret, catalog HRN, and layer name and chose example to run RunExampleWrite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `examples/helpers/android/app/src/main/cpp/MainActivityNative.cpp.in`, replace the placeholders with your application access key ID, access key secret, catalog HRN, and layer name and specify that the example should run  'RunExampleWrite'.
```

> 2. In `examples/android/app/src/main/cpp/MainActivityNative.cpp.in`, replace the placeholders with your application access key ID, access key secret, catalog HRN, and layer name and specify that the example should run  'RunExampleWrite'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `examples/android/app/src/main/cpp/MainActivityNative.cpp.in`, replace the placeholders with your application access key ID, access key secret, catalog HRN, and layer name and specify that the example should run 'RunExampleWrite'.
```

1. To set up the iOS development environment, install the `XCode` and command-line tools.
2. Install external dependencies.
   For information on dependencies and installation instructions, see the [related section](https://github.com/heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp#dependencies) in the README.md file.

> 3. Replace the placeholders in `examples/helpers/ios/ViewController.mm` with your application access key ID, access key secret, catalog HRN, and layer name and chose example to run RunExampleWrite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In `examples/helpers/ios/ViewController.mm`, replace the placeholders with your application access key ID, access key secret, catalog HRN, and layer name and specify that the example should run `RunExampleWrite`.
```
